-slim --------------->
The slim image is a paired down version of the full image. 
This image generally only installs the minimal packages needed to run your particular tool. 
In the case of python, that’s the minimum packages to run python and the same for node.js.

By leaving out lesser-used tools, the image is smaller. Use this image 
if you have space constraints and do not need the full version.

But be sure to test thoroughly when using this image! If you run into unexplained errors, 
try switching to the full image and see if that resolves it.

-alpine  ---------------------->
Alpine images are based on the Alpine Linux Project,
which is an operating system that was built specifically for use inside of containers.
For a long time, these were the most popular image variations due to their tiny size.

However, some teams are moving away from alpine because these images can cause compatibility 
issues that are hard to debug. Specifically, if using python images, some wheels are built to 
be compatible with Debian and will need to be recompiled to work with an Apline-based image.

The main reason to use an Alpine image is to make your resulting image as small as possible.
The base image will be smaller than 5MB. The python base image (adding python to the base alpine image) 
is currently 78.9MB. That’s still very small.

This image is the most highly recommended if space is a concern.

The disadvantage is that it does not contain some packages that you might need. Mainly,
it uses a slimmer musl lib instead of glibc. You may run into issues if your application has specific libc requirements.

If you find the Alpine image is lacking in something you need, you can always install 
it directly in your Dockerfile. This keeps the image to only what you need. Be aware that 
your Dockerfile will change if you are installing external packages. The main difference is 
that you will use apk instead of apt-get to install packages.

There have been concerns regarding -alpine images, so you need to be aware of them. Read about
some of them here and here and do your own research. Again, if you are experiencing an unexplained
issue in building your Dockerfile, try switching to the full image to see if that cures it.
